docs : clarify subscription settings (#65179)
metabase/metabase: docs/permissions/application.md

## Subscriptions and alerts

This setting determines who can create:

- [Dashboard subscriptions](../dashboards/subscriptions.md)
- [Alerts](../questions/alerts.md)

People will need to be in groups with either view or edit access to the collection that contains the dashboard or question in order to set up alerts. See [Collection permissions](../permissions/collections.md).

> To disallow people from creating alerts and subscriptions, set this to "No".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent people from creating alerts and subscriptions, set the "Subscriptions and alerts" permission to "No".
```
